React
    Open source JS library for building UI
    JS library, not framework
    Rich ecosystem
    Created and manintained by Facebook
    Huge community
    In-demand Skillset
    Component Based Architecture
    Reusable code
    Declarative Language, not imperative Language
    React handle efficiently updating and rendering of the components.
    DOM updates are handled gracefully in React.

Why React?
    Seamlessly integrate Recat into any of your application.
    Portion of your page or a completed page or even an entire application itself.
    React native for mobile applications.

Creating New Project
    Way 1: npx
            npx create-react-app hellow-world
    Way 2: npm
            installing new package
                npm install create-react-app -g
            create-react-app hello-world
    
Components
    Root(generally App Component) component contains all other components from the Application.
    Components are re-usable and can be nested inside other components.
    Types-
        1. Stateless Functional Components.
        2. Stateful Class Components.

Functional Components
    Receives properties (props)
    Returns HTML(JSX)
    Basically normal JS Function 
    Named exports of components possible; then import of such components should have same name as component name

Class Components
    Can received props optionally
    Contains internal state as well
    return JSX

Advantages of Components 
            Functional Component                            
        Simple Functions
        Use Func components as much as possible
        Absence of this keyword
        Solution without using state
        Stateless/Dumb/Presentational Components

            Class Components
        More feature Rich
        Maintain their own private data - state
        Complex UI Login
        Provide lifecycle hooks
        Stateful/Smart/Container

JSX
    JSX => JavaScript XML, extension to JavaScript language syntax
    Write XML like code for elements and components
    JSX tags have name, attributes and children
    JSX is not a necessity to write React applications.
    JSX makes your react code simpler and elegant.
    JSX ultimately transpiles to pure JavaScript which is understood by the browsers.
    JSX Differences
        class => className
        for => htmlFor
        onclick => onClick
        tabindex => tanIndex

Props vs state
        Props
    props gets passed to the component
    Functional parameters
    props are immutable by children components.
    In functional components => props
    In Class Components =? this.props

        state
    State is managed withing the component
    Variables declared in the function body
    State can be changed
    In Functional Components => useState Hook.
    In Class Components => this.state
    setState methods are async by default. It accept a callback function which can be executed after execution of setState completed.
    Always make use of setState and never modify the state directly
    Code has to be executed after the state has been updated? Place the code in the callback function which is the second argumnet to the setState method.
    When you have to update state based on the previous state value, pass in a function as an argument instead of the regular object.
    
Conditional Rendering
    1. if/else.
    2. Element Variables.
    3. Ternary Conditional Operator.
    4. Short Circuit Operator.

prop "key" is unique and reserved. It cannot be accessed withing child components.
React uses key to match list elements within new list and old list.
If keys are passed then React updates the list the efficiently, otherwise React performance decreases.
Generally index of element of list is used as keys. But you can use any other parameter which is unique.

When to use index as a key?
    1. The items in the list do not have a unique id.
    2. The list is a static list and will not change.
    3. The list will never be reordered or filtered.
